asyncBlocking in webRequest.onAuthRequired (#34137)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/webrequest/onauthrequired/index.md

- Provide credentials synchronously

>   - : If credentials are available synchronously, the extension can supply them synchronously. However, synchronous handling is only appropriate for the simplest of extensions. If the extension does this, the browser attempts to log in with the credentials. The listener can provide credentials synchronously as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
  - : If credentials are available synchronously, the extension can supply them synchronously. If the extension does this, the browser attempts to log in with the credentials. The listener can provide credentials synchronously as follows:
```

  - : The extension might need to fetch credentials asynchronously. For example, the extension might need to fetch credentials from storage or ask the user. In this case, the listener can supply credentials asynchronously as follows:

    - in addListener, pass `"asyncBlocking"` in Chrome and Firefox or `"blocking"` in Firefox in the `extraInfoSpec` parameter
    - If `"blocking"` is provided, the extension can return a `webRequest.BlockingResponse` object or a Promise that resolves to a `webRequest.BlockingResponse` object
    - If `"asyncBlocking"` is provided, the event listener function receives a `asyncCallback` function as its second parameter. `asyncCallback`can be called asynchronously and takes a`webRequest.BlockingResponse` object as its only parameter

>       > **Note:** Chrome does not support a Promise as a return value ([Chromium issue 1510405](https://crbug.com/1510405)). For alternatives, see [the return value of the `listener`](#listener).

Reviewer: It looks like this information is a bit redundant given the recent changes to the `extraInfoSpec` parameter documentation. Should we remove this block and link to that property for details? I'm happy to defer to your judgement.

    - `details`
      - : `object`. Details about the request. See the [details](#details_2) section for more information.

    Returns: {{WebExtAPIRef('webRequest.BlockingResponse')}} or a {{jsxref("Promise")}} depending on the settings in `extraInfoSpec`.

- `filter`
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef('webRequest.RequestFilter')}}. A filter that restricts the events that are sent to this listener.
- `extraInfoSpec` {{optional_inline}}

  - : `array` of `string`. Extra options for the event. You can pass any of the following values:

    - `"blocking"`: make the request block so you can cancel the request or supply authentication credentials. Return a `BlockingResponse` object with its `cancel` or `authCredentials` properties set.

>     - `"asyncBlocking"`: handle the request asynchronously.
> 
>       - in Firefox up to version 127, `"blocking"` is used instead, and the event handler function can return a Promise that resolves to a `BlockingResponse` object, with its `cancel` or `authCredentials` properties set. This is basically the same as handling the event synchronously.
>       - in Firefox 128 and Chrome, `"asyncBlocking"` is used. The event handler function is passed a function as a second parameter (called `asyncCallback`) that should be invoked with the `BlockingResponse` result, with its `cancel` or `authCredentials` properties set.

Reviewer: The return value of listeners registered with `"asyncBlocking"` is ignored. This applies to both Firefox and Chrome. The listener MUST use the callpack passed into the listener via `asyncCallback` to provide a response.

```suggestion
    - `"asyncBlocking"`: handle the request asynchronously. The return value of the event listener is ignored. To resolve the event, pass the `asyncCallback` parameter a `BlockingResponse` result, with its `cancel` or `authCredentials` properties set.
      - Supported in Chrome 120 and later.
      - Supported in Firefox 128 and later.
      - Not supported in Safari.
```

    - `details`
      - : `object`. Details about the request. See the [details](#details_2) section for more information.
    - `asyncCallback` {{optional_inline}}

      - : A function to call, at most once, to asynchronously modify the request object.
        This parameter is only present if the event listener is registered with `"asyncBlocking"` in the `extraInfoSpec` array. `asyncCallback` is undefined if `extraInfoSpec` is not provided or contains `"blocking"`.

    Returns: {{WebExtAPIRef('webRequest.BlockingResponse')}} or a {{jsxref("Promise")}} depending on the settings in `extraInfoSpec`.

- `filter`
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef('webRequest.RequestFilter')}}. A filter that restricts the events sent to this listener.
- `extraInfoSpec` {{optional_inline}}

  - : `array` of `string`. Extra options for the event. You can pass any of these values:

    - `"blocking"`: make the request block so you can cancel the request or supply authentication credentials. Return a `BlockingResponse` object with its `cancel` or `authCredentials` properties set.

>       - In Chrome, the event listener must respond synchronously.

Author: @dotproto why if "Chrome only supports "asyncBlocking"."?

    - `details`
      - : `object`. Details about the request. See the [details](#details_2) section for more information.
    - `asyncCallback` {{optional_inline}}

> 

Reviewer: @rebloor, any idea why mdn-linter is generating linter warnings that aren't showing up when doing a local `yarn lint:md` or know who we could tag about that?

> 

Author: @dotproto sorry, no and no
